New benchmark functions (#26)
Shopify/function-runner: benchmark/README.md

| Function name          | Criteria                                                   | Manual modification (yes/no) |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| runtime_function       | Needs to run close to but under 5 ms.                      | No                           |
| size_function          | The module needs to be close to but under 256 KB.          | Yes                          |
| linear_memory_function | Need to allocate close to but under linear memory of 10MB. | Yes                          |
| stack_memory_function  | Need to allocate close to but under stack memory of 512KB. | No                           |

Manual modification explanation:

- linear_memory_function: modified the memory call at line 73646 of the `linear_memory_function.wasm` file to request 159 pages, each weighting 64KB. 160 pages is 10MB, but since we want to be under the limit we remove 1 from 160 which gives 159.

- size_function: added a constant at the end of the file consisting of a 160KB long string.

## The runtime Function

> The runtime Function is particular, because its metrics differ depending on where its ran. In production, this Function runs in around 5 ms. Ran locally, it can run much quicker or slower depending on the computing power. Thus, the runtime of the locally developed Function should have a shorter runtime than this Function.

Reviewer: The wording here tripped me up a bit so I rewrote based on my understanding. Am I on base here?

```suggestion
Functions will have different runtimes depending on whether or not they're run locally or in production due to differences in available compute. This runtime_function benchmark is configured to take just below the 5ms timeout in production, though it may execute faster locally. You can compare a function against this benchmark to determine if it is likely to timeout in production. 
```
